The History PR: II - Add URL params (#1157)
hedgedoc/react-client: CHANGELOG.md

- Improved security by wrapping the markdown rendering into an iframe.
- The intro page content can be changed by editing `public/intro.md`.
- When pasting tables (e.g. from LibreOffice Calc or MS Excel) they get reformatted to markdown tables.

> - The history page now has URL parameters that allow bookmarking of a specific search of tags filter.

Reviewer: Avoid words like `now` . Changelogs should be kinda stateless.
```suggestion
- The history page supports URL parameters that allow bookmarking of a specific search of tags filter.
```

Author: Fixed.
